README.md, before:

# Project Title
FinancialTracker

## Description of the Project

I created this application to can help people about their transactions.
They can follow their payments and deposits easily.
They can display their monthly, yearly or date based transactions too.
![Class Diagram](path/to/your/class_diagram.png)

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to enter my financial data.
- As a user, I want to be able to follow my all transactions (should include monthly, yearly)
- so that the application can process it easily.

## Setup
No additional set up needed.

### Prerequisites

- IntelliJ IDEA: Ensure you have IntelliJ IDEA installed, which you can download from [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/).
- Java SDK: Make sure Java SDK is installed and configured in IntelliJ.

### Running the Application in IntelliJ

Follow these steps to get your application running within IntelliJ IDEA:

1. Open IntelliJ IDEA.
2. Select "Open" and navigate to the directory where you cloned or downloaded the project.
3. After the project opens, wait for IntelliJ to index the files and set up the project.
4. Find the main class with the `public static void main(String[] args)` method.
5. Right-click on the file and select 'Run 'YourMainClassName.main()'' to start the application.

## Technologies Used

- Language: Java, Build system: Maven, JDK: corretto-17 Amazon Coretto version 17.0.12

## Demo

Include screenshots or GIFs that show your application in action. Use tools like [Giphy Capture](https://giphy.com/apps/giphycapture) to record a GIF of your application.

![Application Screenshot](path/to/your/screenshot.png)

## Future Work
We can create virtual graphics with using customer`s data.
We can add balance section and integrate it to the account;
-by the way users can not make payment if their balance is not enough.

## Resources

- [Java Programming Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/java/default.asp)
- [BrightSpaceWorkBooks] (https://yearup.brightspace.com/d2l/home/8605)

## Team Members

- **Furkan KENDIRCIOGLU** - Creator of the project.

## Thanks

- Thank you to [Raymond Maroun] for continuous support and guidance.
- A special thanks to Emre AKARSU and Ekaterina Koshkina for their dedication and teamwork.

Commit message:

Date format problem fixed in loadTransactions section

README.md, after:

# Project Title
FinancialTracker

## Description of the Project

I created this application to can help people about their transactions.
They can follow their payments and deposits easily.
They can display their monthly, yearly or date based transactions too.
![Class Diagram](path/to/your/class_diagram.png)

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to enter my financial data.
- As a user, I want to be able to follow my all transactions (should include monthly, yearly)
- so that the application can process it easily.

## Setup
No additional set up needed.

### Prerequisites

- IntelliJ IDEA: Ensure you have IntelliJ IDEA installed, which you can download from [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/).
- Java SDK: Make sure Java SDK is installed and configured in IntelliJ.

### Running the Application in IntelliJ

Follow these steps to get your application running within IntelliJ IDEA:

1. Open IntelliJ IDEA.
2. Select "Open" and navigate to the directory where you cloned or downloaded the project.
3. After the project opens, wait for IntelliJ to index the files and set up the project.
4. Find the main class with the `public static void main(String[] args)` method.
5. Right-click on the file and select 'Run 'YourMainClassName.main()'' to start the application.

## Technologies Used

- Language: Java, Build system: Maven, JDK: corretto-17 Amazon Coretto version 17.0.12

## Demo

Include screenshots or GIFs that show your application in action. Use tools like [Giphy Capture](https://giphy.com/apps/giphycapture) to record a GIF of your application.

![Application Screenshot](![Untitled.png](imgs%2FUntitled.png))

## Future Work
We can create virtual graphics with using customer`s data.
We can add balance section and integrate it to the account;
-by the way users can not make payment if their balance is not enough.

## Resources

- [Java Programming Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/java/default.asp)
- [BrightSpaceWorkBooks] (https://yearup.brightspace.com/d2l/home/8605)

## Team Members

- **Furkan KENDIRCIOGLU** - Creator of the project.

## Thanks

- Thank you to [Raymond Maroun] for continuous support and guidance.
- A special thanks to Emre AKARSU and Ekaterina Koshkina for their dedication and teamwork.
- Another special thanks to Enes YILMAZ a&& Talha Bilmen for helping me about presentation section of my project.
